Most of the individuals in our data set were 40 years old or younger
For eg, there's only 35% chance that an individual who is 31 will be absent from work for more than 3 hours

From the visualization, we can conclude that none of our 40 observations has been away from work because of reason 2
In reason 1, the probability that they will be excessively absent is above 50%. Hence, such an individual is expected to be away from work for more than 3 hours
In reason 3, very few observations of people who had specified this reason for excessive absence, as well as the fact that the probabilities have been distributed in the lower and upper parts of the vertical line. We could say that similarly to reason 2, this class doesn't tell much about what to expect from being absent because of reason 3.
Reason 4 leads us to an opposite conclusion compared to reason 1. The people select this reason exhibit a probability of below 50% to be excessively absent
-> Reason 1 include the ones that are very serious diseases. That is why the numbers tell us that the expected probability of being excessively absent was higher than 50%
-> Reason 4 include 'light reason'. So none of these could be serious enough to require a person to be absent from work for an entire day. That's why the numbers show less than 50%, not expected to be excessively absent

There could be a positive correlation. If there are more observations, the correlation would have been stronger. Then we could say with certainty that the higher the transportation expenses of a person, the higher the chance they will be away from work excessively
People with no children don't exhibit a high probability for excessive absence. Also, aside from one small exception, none of them have high transportation expenses. Perhaps there is nothing that would induce these people live further away
The probability of group of 1 children is expected to be excessively absent varies across observations. However, most of the data are clustered around the average transportation expenses, spending between $220 and $240 a month
People with 2 children: if we disregard the values between the center, the distribution is similar. We could say that our data is about people who don't usually spend more than $240 on transportation. Only 5 observations lay beyond this cutoff line
Only 1 person has 3 children so this category can't really affect the analysis of the 40 observations we have